[Kona] So, it floats into the sky
and shoots out light?
What else? What kind of face does it have?
Don't ask me for the details.
Use your imagination.
Close your eyes, and focus
on whatever image appears.
[Kona exhales]
It may feel like something you glimpsed
out of the corner of your eye,
or like an optical illusion.
But let it fill your senses.
[children clamoring]
[gasps]
Did you see something?
A sword of light?
-[student shrieks]
-[Asura] Oh.
-[Taka] Michika!
-[Kuku] There's blood.
-[screams, cries]
-[Asura] What happened?
-[Anzu] Michika just started bleeding.
-Someone get the teacher!
[Asura] That looks deep.
[Anzu] Nothing even happened.
It just came out of nowhere.
Michika, be still for me please.
[Michika whimpering]
-[whimpering stops]
-[all gasp]
I wasn't able to mend it perfectly,
so be careful, okay?
[Kona exhales]
[giggles]
Yeah, I will.
[Kona snoring]
[Asura] Kona?
Kona.
Asura? What's wrong?
Wait, how long have you been there?
[static, thud]
[both gasp]
Is it a power outage?
[overseer 1] No, it's fine.
We just lost the monitors.
Restart them now.
CAMERAS ARE NOT RESPONDING
[Asura] Kona,
I have come to understand why I was born.
So now, I have come to say goodbye.
W-- What?
Goodbye?
Asura, wait! [grunts]
Asura, where are you?
Come on.
[inhales sharply]
-[ringing]
-[gasps]
Asura!
[grunts]
[screams]
[Asura] The adults are on their way.
Go back to your room, Kona.
Asura, please don't go.
[crying] Don't leave me alone.
[Asura] You are not alone.
You have Anzu, Tokio, Mimihime, Nanaki,
Iwa, and the others.
And I know you'll make even more friends.
And then, you'll find someone to love.
But I love you!
[Asura] I'm talking about
a different kind of love.
Something even more special.
-Open your heart to it.
-[Kona continues crying]
Poor thing. He seems so lonely.
Yeah, of course he is.
He's the only one left in his year now.
-Hey, I'll be right back okay?
-Huh?
Tokio!
[Tokio] Uh.
Tokio.
-Yes?
-Oh, hello. I don't need anything.
I just thought I'd come over here
for a while.
Wow, you're so good at drawing.
[chuckles] Thank you.
[breathing deeply]
-[electronic chime]
-[gasps]
Whoever killed Asura,
will take Tokio next.
-[Taka straining]
-[student giggling]
[Taka grunts]
[student laughs]
You almost jumped right into me!
[both laughing]
[interpreter] And this is our group
of 14-year-olds.
Very impressive.
Is Tokio…
And a new group of five-year-olds
will be joining the nursery.
This will likely be the last group
we introduce.
Oh!
Miss Aoshima! What are you doing?
I need your input here.
[Aoshima] Sorry, ma'am!
[Kiruko] This button Usami was holding
has the same logo as the Kiru-Beam.
-Seems weird, right? Little too weird.
-Hmm.
[Kiruko] Since we only have a vague
idea of where you're trying to go,
I think we should try tracking down
this mark.
-And I know just where to start looking.
-[Maru gasps]
The town where Usami used to live? Right?
Bingo.
But I thought we'd have Usami
to guide us there.
So when he showed us the map, I zoned out.
[Maru] Didn't everyone else head that way?
[Kiruko] Yes, but we have no idea
where they turned after that.
Oh, fantastic.
So this is gonna be an adventure.
If by "adventure"
you mean "pain in the ass."
I was really hoping for "pain free"
this time.
Oh, speaking of which, check it out.
My tooth's growing back. Cool, huh?
Whoa! What is going on
with your body, dude?
[rumbling]
-An earthquake.
-It's a big one.
We have to move.
We're dead if we fall down there.
-[sighs]
Of all the times
for there to be an earthquake.
[crashing]
Must be a building collapsing nearby.
Let's go.
What? Why?
[Kiruko] Because you don't have
to pick locks on a fallen building.
Total jackpot.
Plus, if it's near the town
we're looking for,
resource collectors from there
might show up.
So you're saying we should clean
the place out before they get to it.
No, you idiot.
-I want them to take us to that town.
-Oh.
Yikes. This looks pretty precarious.
[Maru] Hmm.
We could try going in here.
No way, it's gonna cave in.
Hmm.
[screams]
What the hell?
There's someone living in there.
Hey, are you okay?
Sorry your house got crushed.
Oh, no. I didn't live there.
I just came to see if I could
salvage any resources.
Well, what do you know. I was right.
But no such luck.
I mean, I tried my best,
but I couldn't get inside.
So I've got nothing on me worth stealing.
Can you let it slide this once?
Why are you acting so jumpy?
Because-- Well, you guys are bandits,
aren't you?
Have you checked a mirror lately?
You are the most bandit-looking dude
I've ever seen.
Oh no. Sorry!
Thank you for your time.
Apologies for calling you out so late.
[Tokio] It's okay. I've been pretty
worried about my health recently too.
I appreciate you checking on me.
Well, everything seems to be perfectly
fine, so no need to worry.
For now, just be extra careful
not to catch a chill, all right?
Don't do anything too strenuous.
Uh-- Okay.
I promise I'll try.
-[Shiro] Mimihime.
-[gasps]
You scared me half to death.
Don't sneak up on people like that.
I've noticed that you're always looking
at something up there.
And I've noticed
you're always looking at me.
[sighs]
The ceiling?
[Mimihime] No.
Something floating up there.
You mean dust?
If you're seeing specks of light,
they're just particles
in your eye's vitreous fluid.
Now let's go. Class is about to start.
I see.
Just as I thought.
I am the only one who can see it.
[shudders] Really?
Why do I have to be the one?
[robot teacher]
Are all students in attendance?
Tokio still isn't here yet.
Yes.
Before we start today, I need to inform
you all of something on that matter.
Starting today,
Tokio will be absent indefinitely.
[all] What?
[robot teacher] You will meet again,
of course.
Please, do not be concerned.
Now, let's begin.
I can't believe you have a working car.
Must be nice.
It's not as useful as you might think.
Especially when the roads are such a mess.
Well, I'll be on my way now.
Isn't it dangerous all by yourself?
[chuckles]
Don't worry, that's what this is for.
Dude, do you just run around
with that thing under your jacket?
Well, isn't that a gun
on your friend's hip?
Something like that.
So, are there any other towns nearby?
I'm sorry, kid.
I don't give out free info.
Money isn't a problem. Just talk.
You seen either of these guys?
We also need info on this logo,
and a place some people call "Heaven."
Hmm.
Hmm. Wait there just a minute.
I'm gonna need to move this.
Can you step aside?
-[car door closes]
-[engine starts]
[scavenger] Excuse me! Scoot!
Come on, scoot!
[clunking]
[scavenger chuckles]
Now we can talk properly.
Here's the thing.
I have seen that logo before.
-I may even know where it's from.
-Well, tell us!
I'll tell you what I know
if you give me that gun.
Not for sale.
Okay. Cash it is, then.
[Maru] Well, that was easy.
I know better than to try and haggle
with someone who's armed.
But it may take me longer than usual
to, uh, remember what you want me to know.
An intel salesman's gotta have certain
rules of engagement, you understand.
But I'm sure a tip
could help jog my memory.
You're really milking this, aren't you?
Let's go with your favorite, I guess.
Greetings and good evening, everyone.
Welcome to my realm of wonders.
I am the one the fables call Juichi.
And I've many a tale to tell this night.
-It is broad daylight.
-[Juichi clears throat]
We've all heard rumors
about the Great Disaster.
But why is its true cause such a mystery?
Because the subsequent earthquakes,
the abnormally long winters,
the famine and disease, all led humanity
towards the edge of extinction.
And the real story was lost in the chaos.
There are three theories
that have stood the test of time.
First is the planet impact theory.
Before the Great Disaster,
scientists allegedly discovered a comet
on course to collide with the Earth.
Something like that
would have been a catastrophe.
So it's easy to see
how that theory rings true.
Next is the alien invasion theory.
It may sound out of this world… [laughs]
…but some people think
that those man-eating life-forms
came to Earth
from the furthest reaches of outer space.
Before the Collapse,
it was said that many people
saw unidentified flying objects
in the sky.
And as you can see,
some even captured those objects on film.
-Whoa!
-Bird.
Finally, there's the world war theory.
Before the Great Disaster,
a terrorist attack
may have occurred in Japan.
This theory suggests
war broke out soon after
with the use of a special weapon
powerful enough
to assure mutual destruction.
So, was that tale
tantalizing enough for you?
I'll regale you with another one
when next we meet.
See you. Bye-bye.
"See you. Bye-bye," I think not!
What about Heaven? Or the logo?
Oh, dear. Pardon me,
I can be so forgetful sometimes.
[Kiruko] Oh, how very convenient for you!
Hold on, Sis.
Just let him tell one more story.
Tell us one of the spooky ones.
MENU - GREAT DISASTER
TRUE GHOST STORIES
-How about, "The Walled-Off Town"?
-[Juichi] Why, thank you kindly.
This, I'll tell you everything I know.
This story is one I experienced firsthand.
For ten years, from the age of 12 onward,
I was shut up in a school
surrounded by walls.
[Director] I apologize
for calling everyone here so suddenly.
Mina will send notes from this meeting
to the departments who cannot attend.
First, in regards to the ongoing
search for an assistant director,
I would like to offer
Miss Aoshima the position.
[participants applauding, exclaiming]
[gasps]
She will be given level-four
security clearance effective immediately.
[staff] Now hold on just a minute.
Why was she the one
chosen for this promotion?
Because I know her to be
this organization's
most trustworthy member.
[huffs]
-[scoffs]
-Wasn't Dr. Sawatari
the one who was in talks
to be the next director?
Yeah, it doesn't look like
he's taking it well.
-Madam Takeuchi, either.
-[Takeuchi grumbles]
[Juichi] Our tale begins
in a place where hostile women ruled.
Around 30 women, aged 20 to 40,
made that town their home.
The school was their stronghold,
and they barricaded it from the inside.
Any man who accidentally approached it
would be killed.
But in rare cases,
if they thought the man was healthy
and attractive enough,
they would imprison him
and keep him as a "breeding pig."
I spent ten years in that town.
Not as Juichi, no.
But as Boar #11.
The breeding pigs
would perform manual labor
and provide the women with sperm.
When it was my turn,
one couple kept asking for me.
Over and over.
[sighs]
Eventually, one of them became pregnant.
If a girl was born, she would be accepted
into the town as a human.
But if it was a boy,
he would be taken from his mother
and raised by us as a breeding pig.
-[baby coos]
-Of course, the child she had was a boy.
One night, about six months later,
that couple hatched a plan.
The four of us would flee the town
together under the cover of darkness.
Nice! So, you got out?
-[Juichi] No.
-[baby crying]
We were caught.
I'm the only one who managed to escape.
The next day,
the couple's slaughtered corpses
had been strung up outside the town walls.
About one year has passed since then.
And I must live with the knowledge
that such a monstrous place still exists.
Anyway, that's all I've got.
See you for more stories next time.
See you. Bye-bye.
Not "See you. Bye bye." No!
-What happened to the baby?
-[Juichi] I don't know.
That was a terrible story.
Okay, Sis. We gotta go find this place
and see if that baby's still alive.
Assuming the story's true.
[Juichi strains]
[chuckles]
You did tell us something interesting,
so you can keep the money.
But you better get lost
before I waste you.
All right, leaving now! Sorry!
Wait, you're gonna send him away?
-But what about the logo?
-It isn't worth the risk.
He was acting way too suspicious
for comfort.
Even though
the driver's seat is on the right,
he went to all that trouble
to repark his car on the right side.
Pretty weird.
Especially considering that
there's literally no one else around.
So why repark at all?
There was a reason
he needed to move it so quickly.
That creep saw something
that he wanted to hide.
2F - TAKA
The logo was there the whole time!
[Kiruko] We almost wasted all our time
and money on that idiot
and his tall tales.
But we found it.
The origin of the symbol.
TAKAHARA ACADEMY
[door creaks]
Bird on the box!
That's a good eye you got there.
You ever tried firing a gun before?
[both laugh]
[both sigh]
"…and welcome to Takahara Academy.
A place where all may rest
their weary bodies and minds.
We will give you the time
to immerse yourself in your hobbies,
and we will listen to you
in your times of stress."
HELL OF PATIENCE
One more thing I don't understand
about life before the Great Disaster.
So kids could get put into an orphanage,
even if they had a family…
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION
TAKAHARA ACADEMY
…and that orphanage
was also a cram school?
Sounds less like heaven,
and more like a lot of hard work,
if you ask me.
Although, it might be nice.
Especially if you had some friends there.
Maybe…
[sniffs]
[Maru] Sis! Get over here!
TAKAHARA ACADEMY
Whoa.
Was this floor also part of the academy?
Over here.
Another weird little bird mark, okay…
But it just looks like someone made
an ugly graffiti version of the other one.
Bandits would be my guess.
I have a feeling
this place isn't the one
I've been searching for.
There's no one who looks like me.
I thought we were on the right path
after we found the logo on the gun here.
But maybe I was wrong
to think they were related.
The gun might not have any connection
to Heaven at all.
-[paper rustles]
-Huh?
What's this?
If this guide is correct,
the Takahara Academy
used to be some kind of orphanage.
It also goes on to describe
the outside world as a "Hell of Patience."
And the opposite of hell is what?
Heaven?
If the gun and the academy
are both connected to heaven,
then this might not be
a dead-end after all.
CONTACT NUMBERS
According to the pamphlet,
Takahara Academy has two facilities
and 18 branches.
My guess is the other branches
are similar to this one.
But I'm more interested
in the two facilities.
Ibaraki and Nara, huh?
So you wanna crash here for the night
and head out tomorrow, or what?
Nah. Let's find somewhere else.
This place gives me the creeps.
Now, to the main topic of our meeting.
We have discovered that Tokio is pregnant.
[all gasp]
-What?
-But that's completely outrageous!
-She's far too young for that!
-That's not the issue here!
How can this be?
-Who is the father?
-[staff 1] We need to know!
-[staff 2] Director!
-We're looking into it!
We never taught them the concept of sex,
or the distinction
between male and female.
And now, in these crucial final moments…
This could destroy Takahara Academy!
We are dealing with a crisis!